[Music]
ten sure signs that a guy who likes you
there is an adorable beauty to be found
in the period when two people fall in
love they are incredibly shy in the
company of each other and afraid to make
the first move but there must be a few
signals that a guy subconsciously sends
that can reveal that he's into you right
and there are but what are they let's
find out together but before we start
don't forget to subscribe to our Channel
and turn on notifications now you'll
never miss a new video number 10 he is
nervous around you
when we talk to our crush wait stutter
do and say awkward things and act like
the weirdest person ever and the guy you
like it's the same look carefully does
he get nervous in your company any
nervous laughter or sweating palms that
you detect are clear sides of his
nervousness toward you or maybe he
quickly tries to look away if you catch
him looking at you that's a pretty good
hint too of course
it can be hard to look for all these
things as you probably get just as
nervous as he does but you can always
ask your friend to watch him and then
tell you their thoughts afterward maybe
it'll give you some serious stuff to
think about as well as the strength to
open up about your feelings to him
number 9
his body language says so body language
is a very powerful thing and it's a way
for our subconscious to tell the truth
even if we've decided to lie in her book
master dating Lisa Jimenez revealed a
very interesting fact while women have
around 50 - body language ways to say
that they're interested men only have 10
it looks like you really have to dig for
them so here's what you should be
looking for if you want to know whether
he likes you or not a guy in love will
be looking at you a lot watching your
every move he will lean towards you and
try to make eye contact as much as
possible another good indicator is the
direction of his feet if they're pointed
toward you it's a subconscious sign that
he may be interested biologically
speaking according to body language
expert Patti wood huge pupils can say a
lot about his attraction to you - as
dilation is a brain response that occurs
when you like and are attracted to
somebody if at least a couple of these
signs are to be found in your guy
there's a great chance that he truly
does like you but is afraid to be
rejected
number eight he touches you often
physical interaction plays a very
important part in establishing whether
somebody is interested in you or not if
you like the guy you want to spend more
time with him and hold his hand right
well guys feel the same urge as well so
they try to get closer to you the next
time you see him pay attention to how he
touches you and how he reacts when you
touch him he may hug you tightly when he
sees you or touch your hand it can be
anything this all hints at the steady
possibility that he's into you and if
it's combined with a good response from
you touching him like not moving his
hand when you touch it and not flinching
away or getting tensed up and
uncomfortable that's an even greater
signal but keep in mind the kind of guy
he is
playboys usually don't pay attention to
such stuff while shy guys surely won't
be able to hide their true feelings
number seven he treats you differently
[Music]
if the guy likes you he will start to
behave protectively towards you and
perform gentlemanly and caring moves
look closely for such signals if you
want to know how he feels about you do
your problems concern him does he give
you his jacket when you're cold is he
pulling your chair a little bit closer
to his if the answers are mostly yes
then there's certainly something to
think about there if you have the same
group of friends try to notice other
little details like whether he talks to
you more than everyone else listens
carefully to all your stories or tries
to spend as much time with you as
possible these very simple things can be
his way of saying I like you so watch
out
number six he shows a sudden interest in
your hobbies for as long as you've known
him he's never been interested in
drawing then he suddenly asks you about
your passion for it and wants to see
your work he wasn't really into rock
music but after you've mentioned that
it's your favorite genre he asked you
for a couple of recommendations and
later said that he'd checked out all of
them he was never really a drama kid and
one day you see him in your drama club
smiling widely at you in saying he
signed up all this sudden interest in
what you're doing can be a sign that he
really likes you when we fall in love we
pick up our boyfriend or girlfriend's
hobbies because we want to know more
about them and their world maybe that's
exactly what he's trying to do plus it's
one more topic he can talk to you about
so there's no way to go wrong here
number 5 he turns up in places you don't
expect him to be
[Music]
if you continuously bump into each other
outside of school work or any other
place you see each other often it might
mean that he's deliberately looking for
opportunities to accidentally bump into
you and as a result spend more time with
you just think about it and try to
remember how many times it's happened
and whether he couldn't have known that
you were going to be there if it has
happened a lot during a short period of
time it can't be a coincidence it's
simply a sign that he's finding time to
go to your favorite places hoping you'll
be there not a bad signal to have right
[Music]
number four he constantly asks you
questions
[Music]
do you like this what do you think about
that can you tell me more about the time
you did this if your crush keeps asking
you questions and trying to find more
and more details about you it's no
mystery he was in dear asking questions
shows his interest in you and indicates
that he either wants to keep the
conversation going or wants to know
every single thing there is about you
each of these variants is very pleasing
to note right so watch closely if he
takes a special interest and does all
ears when you're telling your stories
for sharing your opinions this is just
another winning signal for you number 3
he remembers everything you told him
guys don't usually pay attention to lots
of the stuff we girls find important and
most of the time they only hear parts of
what we're saying but not a guy in love
who is trying to catch your attention if
during a conversation you often notice
that he remembered what you told him a
week or two days ago the name of your
favorite band or the fact that you hate
olives that counts for something it
means that he's interested in you and
cherishes all the information he has on
your preferences and opinions
he may even refer to something you said
earlier in a similar type of situation
and if this happens here's some good
news for you he's most definitely into
you number two his friends act a bit
strange around you
his close friends probably know he likes
you and that's why they connect a little
bit strange around you or give you
special treatment pay attention to them
and how they act when you to talk do
they look at the pair of you or often
tease him about you maybe they're
smiling or smirking like they know
something you don't when they see you
just like your girlfriend's joke about
your crush and smile mysteriously as you
to approach each other his friends
behave the same after all why would they
pay any attention to you if you were
just as classmate or a girly nose right
be careful though if it's the only sign
that matches up this way him liking you
is definitely not a sure thing so
proceed with caution number one he
doesn't use his phone when he hangs out
with you in our era of social media
everyone is always on their phones and
it's no wonder since everything is there
news photos social media accounts and
much more most people spend time on
their phones even when they hang out
with friends constantly checking
something out and if your crush doesn't
do that and is completely focused on you
instead congratulations there's a high
chance that he feels the same once again
it means that he's interested in your
personality and values your conversation
and time together and such a level of
dedication is found very rarely and
truly shows that he finds you
captivating so maybe if most of these
signs can be applied to your crush it's
finally time to tell him how you feel
yes it's scary but do you really want to
miss the opportunity of being happy with
someone you love if you master the guts
to do so after watching our video don't
forget to tell us how it all went in the
comments below and good luck
have you ever confessed your love to
somebody how did it go for both of you
tell us your stories in the comments
below don't forget to give us a like and
click subscribe to stay on the bright
side of life
you